[datadog_team_notification_rule] Added resource and datasource (#3422)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/team_notification_rule.md

## Schema

### Required

- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that this notification rule belongs to.

### Optional

- `email` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--email))
- `ms_teams` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ms_teams))
- `pagerduty` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pagerduty))
- `slack` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--slack))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to send email notifications to team members when alerts are triggered.

<a id="nestedblock--ms_teams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_teams`

Optional:

- `connector_name` (String) MS Teams connector name used to route notifications to the appropriate channel.

<a id="nestedblock--pagerduty"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pagerduty`

Optional:

- `service_name` (String) PagerDuty service name to send incident notifications to. The service name can be found in your PagerDuty service settings.

<a id="nestedblock--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slack`

Optional:

> - `channel` (String) Slack channel name for notifications (e.g., #alerts or #team-notifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel` (String) Slack channel name for notifications (for example, #alerts or #team-notifications).
```
